(LOOΠΔ trying their best even in the such hot weather)
(Do you remember how hot the weather was this summer?)
HeeJin: Shooting group dance on the rooftop is over...
Chuu: It was fun...!
HeeJin: You know... ths sun is...
Chuu: Hot, hot!
HeeJin: The sun is very hot.. however it looked very fresh on the monitor...
Chuu: (Anger) Really?
HeeJin: Sure~
Chuu: This is unfair!
ViVi: I'm feeling like I'm on a frying fan...
ViVi: I'm almost cooked...
Choerry: Putting ice on the head, it's quite cool!
Go Won: Wow...
Go Won: It's ver hot. Can you see that I put this around my neck?
Go Won: Actually I'm not the type of person who sweats a lot...
(Shaking her head)
Go won: Thank you for your hard work, see you!